Update of CoW AMM solver tutorial (#410)
cowprotocol/docs: docs/cow-protocol/tutorials/solvers/cow-amm.md

- `sellTokenBalance`: must be `BALANCE_ERC20`.
- `buyTokenBalance`: must be `BALANCE_ERC20`.

:::note

The sell and buy amount specified are the limit amounts of the order. The actual executed amounts are determined using prices from the auction.

> In that regard, CoW AMM orders behave exactly like normal trader orders.

Reviewer: Can we add that if solvers are using non co-located drivers, they should encode this trade as a trade of `kind=jit` (specifying executed amount and fee amount)?

Author: I added a reference to the API specification for jit trades and and preinteractions at the bottom, after the discussion of `commit`.

:::

You also need to compute:
- the order hash `hash` as defined in the library `GPv2Order`, and
- the order signature

> Example code that generates an order can be found in `order` function of the BCoWHelper contract

Reviewer: Can we link here the factory and helper contract deployment addresses here (cf. https://cowservices.slack.com/archives/C035TDPHQAJ/p1723126963478129?thread_ts=1723034842.053739&cid=C035TDPHQAJ)

Author: I added a link to the code of contract.

This order can be included in a batch as any other CoW Protocol orders with two extra conditions:

> - One of the pre-interaction must set the commitment by calling `BCoWPool.commit(hash)`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- One of the pre-interaction steps must set the commitment by calling `BCoWPool.commit(hash)`.
```

- Must contain at most one order from the AMM in the same batch.

### Surplus

> The surplus for a CoW AMM order is measured exactly as for other orders by comparing the traded amounts to limit amounts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The surplus for a CoW AMM order is measured the same way as other orders, by comparing the traded amounts to limit amounts.
```
